New and new technology has been introduced to the society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in the richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , science , art , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise for their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will tell about the sites that were not included in the tour - for example due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
Disadvantage is parking their car is very difficult .
Bigger farming are using chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you will only get some misdirected ideas about that article , but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the capability for grammar , which means it can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is having a big change .
I think to learn facts is only an evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detail-led information as tough , but it 's definitely not an evidence for their intelligence .
Unfortunately , most older people can not use the internet , in spite of the benefits of the internet .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will talk too much with knowledge , but if I have general information on this subject , I will talk about this subject with my limited knowledge and this case may make me ashamed like when my brother asked me about some things but I have a lot of information about this thing .
Because if I see one did somthings may save me time and edgy and it work , I will do it .
The government should think about the whole nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and products will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we would run out of fuel .
For me it was great because I need to talk on the phone occur locally and nationwide for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said in other words that the florida may create more damage in the human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create their new ideas others often look very strange on them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because the good street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but only because off the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars than motor bike , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend in these days and people respect him .
For example , in math club , teachers teach us how to solve a math problem using various ways .
In hand , when I was a freshman in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
Air China is not so clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , the consumers do not want to buy gas for fuels .
Although , learning more subjects gives us a huge knowledge which is making me successful in my study .
When you're making a tour guide trip , you already have everything settled from the time you're departing to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey the public transportation is developed , especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and istanbul , it is nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved with study , they do not get enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintained that traveling by their own gives a lot of advantages .
The even ask themselves how this kind of thing did n't cross their mind .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short a time to prove the problem .
So for these reasons I really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge on different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seem not related to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building a new subway system and adding more lines for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties , always in contact with other people .
But these things seem to hard for old people , they move so hard , and do n't have health body to play this thing like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases caused by microorganisms , are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like that , but after that it 's gradually start boring and I did n't have interesting about all the stuff .
In her salary we ca n't buy a car because we are planning to finish our ha-use benignant , Rizal and we will be planning to finish my studies in Boston .
The information technology and advanced technology are so much increased .
Even more relevant to the seduction of advertisement is the fact that those images of perfection quite frequently placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and , therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .
As the professor claimed the details and examples to strengthen the position of reading passage , which , in the following parers , would like to provide the evidence to present the whole views .
In the advertisement that he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly says that the product is made with products of high quality in technology .
We have a lot of paper to write .
A person with a broad knowledge will help him to be renovated .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel force us to use less cars .
One of this important element is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new stuff and trying it too , by being an open and creative mind .
Firstly the striped bass consume large quantities of menhaden , secondly this work is also a source of protein for farm animals , and fishing industry gives some people in Virginia .
They were driven settlers in other domain .
The time line about this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion is so predictable that one can have even calculations about it if he / she has both the population and the existing fuel .
I think people should travel by making a decision by themselves with several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten a lot of freshwater fish species because they need to eat and to find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8am ~ 9 is the busiest time , than workers would argue that they drive a bit later
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive in the real world .
For example , when I am studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional encyclopedias are written by a trained expert for academic rigor that can not really achieve .
By the time everyone should be gathered up in a certain place .
Alonethe twenty years down the lane every major city would end up being a pile of metal junkyard where I work , with no place to move around .
And what are the risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt on the conclusion .
In this movie has handicapped .
For example , in this genaration people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In malaysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered as dangerous or responsible , such as bungee-jumping .
I think most of the people will like that in a busy world , but I don't think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Every one would expect to leave his own secrets and dreams to be a painter , a writer ...
I answered the questions and I got a good impression from both lecturer and friends .
While , according to listening passage it seems fair for people to increase the tax because they will be able to save money for other taxes they pay .
Home work will help you to manage your time if you might be using those in some other purposes .
I mean our country because we can speak Japanese and can use Japanese .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with new technology than today .
This would have definitely required him to take out immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example with whom the youngsters of today relate .
They follow the way the Sun goes from the east to the west .
It 's time to take a rest looking back in your present .
I think it is kind of ridiculous , but we have to do as a tour guide said .
So , if Japan has such common sense since a long time ago , even after twenty years for sure , people will still aim to own a car and drive a car to show people that they are rich .
An example that would make this categorization problematic is an architect .
The upcoming generation will not ride a two wheeler .
And also the mark-ting can do some about the change .
This is supported by national and international policy which is presenting attractively the advantages of going abroad , make self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we failed , we have to try to get a new things .
He explained that the methane , which is derived from a non biological process .
I put into this group of people , everyone who have arrived to that success with his own work , I mean people who work very hard and try to develop new kinds of work , of technology or someone who tries to do his work in another way to get the goal that he easily .
Confidence comes naturally since perfection is its along .
Reasons is pay for them and the more than other institute .
I totally agree that the youth today are not sparing the sufficient time helping their communities .
Nowadays , the society is changing dramatically .
And through text book , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef to try new tastes will recognize and he or she will gain a place in the world .
Also , I think we will thank this animals to everything that they have done to us no matter what .
When I grow up , I start to understand what he said is quite right .
The other one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy dactylics .
In the world oil price is very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion is asteroid .
After we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand ideas and concepts .
They did not get the ideas or concepts about what they learn .
And at the end , if you take a risk and you succeed in that , you surely will become a successful person with all the merits , and maybe also the awards , you merit .
In my essay , I want to focus on : how important is for students to learn facts .
I get to know that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's say your interest lies in paintings .
However , what makes a student both excellent is to understand the concept and learn the facts .
Linking the stud-ens ideas have many advantages :
Do I want to risk my 2 years saving for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids college fund to start up my business ?
So even though the government is expecting the increase in the use of four wheeler .
And you can have a chance to make a person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss specific problems just because he does not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I experienced when I was a stranger in downtown .
I have specific reasons for this .
Actually , it might not be true .
We still have to burn down a forest to make land for farming and the result is bird will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different interlards by doing so many things but they just learn it 's appeal did not get any crucial information and wisdom from it .
On the other hand , if you specialize in specific subjects such as physics you will never help him .
This is how we can hit the job market very early and prove that we are capable of doing the job in a better manner .
To judge a person 's contribution in terms of time would be spacious .
New experiences to somebody is the same as the challenger and challenger is movement , raising some people to continue living .
Our society will be a lovely , if the drama can culture I think we must learn more knowledge .
For example , when you read your school 's book as a first time will not understand any thing but when you read it a second time you understand it .
This is the government rule that they have compulsory attend this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't say it on tv advertising .
For example , many scientists and engineers are studying about cars that make no more tough , and smoke .
Without the empirical experience , I think , the learner tend to forget all the information he or she have learned throughout his or her learning process in a long term .
First , dis-king can be an alternative to prescribed burning .
By just knowing the culture of a country that we are living and not born on , we wo n't be able to live .
Somebody who just no give and take can not live within communities .
Court coats are very high and a number of disputed tickets are seen .
And what is more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we have this quality then no one can beat us .
You have 30 typically an effective response will contain a minimum you will be satisfied culture experiences and fit your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of awards , some of them have important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not catch you mind , how can they sell the products to customers .
Cutting the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized , attributes , and business owner loseweight their business is not respond to the rise of factories .
Second birds navigate by landmarks like rivers and coastlines , mountains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , most visited ones , and so on .
They have to contact a variety of fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most of the countries the functioning of the public transport is not perfectas organised .
If you think of the consummations , fish have less fat and a lot of nutrients .
The public transportation in the city may not be able to cope with this huge amount of people .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after that we specialize in a specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problem is accidents every day millions of people die just because of the drivers for not being careful as a matter affecting I do believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years but this will happen just for one reason that we will use something else .
The internet offers a good opportunity for people to travel for work , for a student , for work .
Can you ever visualize what a chaotic our society would suffer if every individual considers himself / herself an expert in every field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with a detailed analysis , and then it will come to the conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother need to more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that students have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , the oil and gas scientists will make a new car that go by electricity or by sun light .
However , I firmly believe that students have to learn a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subject , I could also make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time to draft the plan , we have no idea on which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what , and the way of obtaining it is simply a broad syllabus .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will daily serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can encounter with people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother getting old , she could not move her body .
As a tour guide , the person has to be familiar with the place he or she is touring .
Three other costumer have not started using the product because they do n't have anything to hang it .
And in the place where there is no train we can not help using cars .
You have to teach your child he or she was until they grow up .
If students have to study for history , for example , it is often enough to learn the facts , but on the other hand studying physics or maths needs for the understanding of the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground tube trains in Singapore and the sky trains in Bangkok travel at lightning speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously the unreliable and less enemy can bring huge advance to fulfill the definition about success .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to help their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied that day in class .
I had a good life in my country , but everything I got from my parents .
But if the student is going not only learning things without knowing the concept then any company is give opportunity to that person because he does not know the concept of its related branch by this way it create a problem in the future .
Third , stone tower of east coast is also making unnatural way this tower is unusual in Europe so non european might be made this tower .
Secondly , it is an unfair action because it will effect the low-income americans .
The factories are increasing sulfur dioxide in the air every year .
It's result in more mature , strong and calm in front of the life , because they understand the problems go away and it depends what kind manner everybody look at the face of the problem .
For example , work on a project .
This peace must change gender .
However , there are people that thing that when people have a forty years ever older person .
It is worthy of note that not every body will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deter anybody who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I got a japanese friend in the Japen , his name is too .
When they do some work they think they have to fine work in time .
As the gasoline tax ricing , it will help the vehicle company to make more cars to sell it to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will abbreviate our earning it has some astonishing effects on our health .
Maybe they have some disadvantages in humanity .
In the lecture , that zebra mussel is not really a serious threat have been proven .
I think it will be lost .
I expect a human can make new material to replace gas but it is very difficult .
Ideas and motives for the war are more important to know because from one might draw some conclusions and it might change something inside the student .
Everything is possible which we can't imagine .
Although there are some rules to protect young people such as limiting of theaging in movies and preview about the bad aspects of programs before , it is just made for little kids not young people like high school or university student .
However , the fact that most of the time they do not reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with that , even if we have more good materials than in the past .
We can be fatalist say that with the development of the third world , the problem will worsen .
This can make us more successful in life ; even though were successful , we must continue to work , we should take our chances to greater heights .
For the greek philosopher Plato , Aristotle , and the capacity for ideas and concepts , the intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is the more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning the facts .
I basically feel that young people do enjoy their lives more than older people .
First , the ships not only helped them to spread but they also killed by ships .
They might be bored of reading a complex passage .
But it is possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
So she decided to work in a Nursing Home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is beneficial to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will be more deep thinking person and good for the future , so the teacher should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I am working more than 200 hours a month , in order to get money required to pay back to the bank -LRB- I borrowed some money to buy my house . -RRB- .
Because students do homework .
It 's a good partner .
As a result , she could get a job that she badly wanted , but she did n't expected because many people flock to this company .
Maybe for the logistics in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today not for the citizens that must go to the office .
At this stage , youth require experience of older people to fight this depression .
In fact , this device was different from its competitor products .
We do not have to care about other people , it also means there is a privacy of us and we can talk loudly or might be able to sing .
But I find out that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only running to work or used to entertain , but if you have your car you can use your car to your work here .
The government raising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soy beans should be used as food for the fish .
He was a leader in his field of living electric equipment , but he began to new dominant of electronics technology and was successful .
A good company hires goods buzzers , these buzzers do not lie to consumers , that they use words to let consumers know the goods are real , they do not praise the goods .
Traveling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us to make our trip be more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage clearly states that using chemicals is not such a good idea because it can develop parasitic infection in the human body .
When they then down to the forest fire .
So both the lecture the reading think that other ecologists monuments in the area from kingdomshas period .
If I have one serest .
To be sure , we take part in destroying environment because we consume most Japanese wood .
So I asked my students , how did he think about my lesson , and tried to find out where the problem is .
That means if I have a broad knowledge in politics and I 'm aware that 'where to speak what ' .
He also tells concepts to students .
That was a very beautiful dream in my mind at that time .
After majoring in any field of studies a student can not adjust immediately with the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that quality of discussion is the most important instead of the numbers of discussion .
Concepts of a subject gives us the background of main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline in the paragraphs below my arguments in favor of this statement .
This example proves that knowing the fact is less important compared to knowing the concepts related to it .
Bernstein 's seminal theory of relativity has been proven by facts .
While I was there someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second the roots can not be dunged because raising the tax there will be much less cars .
Second , the scroll through lists are huge gold like 35 kilograms , so it is price will be more different .
I do n't have a car but I dreamed it off .
Because the rest of the period the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays each member of the family that owns a car .
When you are able to understand ideas and concepts and with this are able to understand the structures of thinking this can help you a lot .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and creating some of them have three or four .
Thus I see more people opting for their own cars in the near future .
So people who they do not give enough time to help their communities , they should fix this .
Otherwise , he / she may feel inadequate one day if he / she furthers his / her study .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and concepts of the war is shown and we can get very excited with it .
So what should I do ?
I could not give much time to any of the sport so that I could be a great sportsmen .
For example , Smoking , I know that Smoking is bad .
This would enable me to branch out and look into other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone did a legal behavior , he has justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to tell you about this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very expensive .
Then there is a chance to shift him other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that america will not ignore the " unjustified " as there are so many advertisements now .
The reasons and examples will be-lowed this easy to support my opinion .
But actually second , it need to experience .
A student who chooses to study at university has become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
Therefore the french revolution happened in middle age in europe because of that reason . "
It is therefore important for the respective governments and international bodies to try and reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad , which threaten many local species in Australia .
This will help to create relationships .
By trial and error I succeeded , which gave me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know that fish is taken as a meal is harmful for human beings to do fish farming .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only way for them to learn .
And the president of common lake Toyota or forwrad , they are successful because they know how to start the company and making a smart thing .
Instead , they would help with the house or with farming .
But professor shows different angle of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this mode of transportation in the days ahead .
And we can save many time came the second , the tour guide will introduce the spot of inuit culture , then we can enjoy the deadly trip , not only over thereto stay a few times .
Understand how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , munged points that chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work and can easily search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
In a group trip , we are forced to go up time schedules .
By using my own car , this would probably have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and we all live in a comfortable home .
There may be global warming because of a lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy for them .
They are busy in there , they do n't spend time to help the society they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even further by the emergence of a new chinese producers are even cheaper .
I can remember that in lecture attended .
The third reason is that give us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happens .
Television makers just hung academic title on their program .
Even although ever-thing when there is life there is hope .
They have a special diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and also in the way many students go to schools for the blind to read books to them and help them out .
They think what the celebrities in the advertisement is true .
As a result , young people feel a sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , bill-gate developed people 's lives more comfortable than previous circumstance .
Also , students , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , will not only understand the facts they are given , but also to acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas surrounding them .
If a person knew the facts , he would never think about the possibilities .
Though , in fact , old people can enjoy themselves some light sports entertainment , I think that not interesting than hard sports or something .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding and knowledge of many academic because it makes you a broad gives you chances and opportunities to work in different fields and environment .
For instance , atyang hennaing , who is a famous scientist with great achievements and fame , has a high proficiency in literature , while specifying the scientific research in physics .
It is said that the zebra mussel from the bottom of the ship moved to the freshwater and devastate the nature .
This implies that there can be no instances were overstating take place at all .
In my opinion , there are some reasons why it is true .
And availability of jobs to the candidates have specific knowledge is less when compared to the all round proper ,
Because when you understand the whole idea you can imagine how does the work .
It is not worth to jump in the pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breathe again .
The person who takes many subjects stands a better chance of getting a job .
So to solve this kind of problem they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices on commodities allowing consumers to budget well in order to be able to buy them .
However , the successful person who achieved great accomplishments do not escape or even give up easily in front of the impossible things regarded among people .
In other words , cars would not be of use in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a 'lan-party ' with the neighbour 's kids .
The lecture also mentioned that the stone placed between the sphinx 's front paws was not placed there during the time of the old kingdom 's king , gunfire .
But some young people do not give to help their community .
I give some of my time to help other people , because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student who knows but does not know how to ?
They can travel more freely than older people .
The first reason is that groveler warming did not connect with Anasazi disappearing .
We simply need to eat and buy clothes , and raise a family .
This happens when one is watching a movie with the family .
Among the many skills required is the knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , increasing population and stagnating rate of technological advance in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall population in habitats where they become dominant .
I agree with that concept to take the risk and go for the new field .
The size of the treasure is too large .
So it is very strange that the people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , and then moved because they did n't have enough water .
If they are really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore , it is possible to believe that an explosion of Tunguska explosion of the asteroid .
In the passage , it is said that only endotherm animals can maintain their body temperature in cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people are trying to make a better society for everyone .
If someone is n't know eating is very important for growth bonds and brian or general body it is fact but id-ease eating is just useful .
Advertising can be used not only by corporations , but also by governments , as for example the nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialties the possibility to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed other people through their strong well and devotion to duty .
Besides , smoke emitting cars and the noise coming from the car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The reasons are such as the following .
It has come to be one of the most effective measures manufacturers use in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did a lot of things that I wanted , so it was very exciting .
It is not an easy task for old people to see young people sort of spending their time on useless things , in their opinion .
Sometimes their teachers teach about the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome , without a tour guide you do n't realize the importance and the history behind these ruins .
So that they have to pay more attention to their health rather than to enjoy arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
To work hard to run the company .
If your answer is yes , that is good .
For example , if the person does not hear properly then young ones right from the day of their childhood think of inventing something that can help older people hear more properly .
Right from the age of 5-6 years the children are busy with curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with guid is quite beneficial because of it 's miscibility pattaya travel to many places in a short time and softness .
I have stayed for just examination was studied .
We will feel confusion and we wo n't see matters clear .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts will be leaving the main effects and influence because it combined with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it merely understanding the idea behind that concept ?
Making expedition students can learn how to proceed in a correct way and making the wrong operation they will be able to understand the concepts and don-t make the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adult content to send their children to school to contact these different kinds of class .
What is the world and what are we supposed to do here ?
This praetor not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the ground had heat .
Therefore , they could not get information about their needs rather than now , we can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based pay is really about .
Anglo version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe and now many people are still believing in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everybody should read carefully all the information available about it .
The disability of doing the things that desiredfor elodeas unhappy .
The speaker argues that it is resulted from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the u.s.a that I can study and life in my dream contuse , I want to have my family that I never alone .
I do not know american teat-hers but some japanese teacher speak just facts in the class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learnig facts .
A product needs to have advertising so it gets to know a place and it gets its population so everyone will like a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass play a much more significant role in the decrease of the menhaden population .
When people have more than one academic subject it would be amazing , interesting , more positive , great , and helpfull .
There , I think it will be more cars than today .
Because we are watching movies earn something .
But now every thing is , life became more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they mean in practice , how they can be used and have already been used .
Some products they sell it because it was expensive branded , some are cheaper because it was not branded product , but if you 'll see the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive one .
It is therefore necessary to understand the idea behind it and come up with a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line of difference between gambling and taking risks .
So , we must cooperate well with others , after we solve today 's problems .
It may tell us how large the world it is .
So a prohibited would n't solve the real problem .
Though the references might be different for a young person and for an older person to fully enjoy their life .
In younger generation one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams in elderly people and it can be .
It has some problems that it can effect on humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably decrease the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now , it has reached some parts of North America .
And I expect , if we lose quantities of cars , we will protect our life , our environment , and we will not depend on resows gas ,
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , seeing his grandchild , does have .
Hence , I did not have to wake up early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome .
Edison , who invented a bulb , is the obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exists .
Maybe I can not enjoy real meaning and I am tired .
This does not imply that a person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are big cars , the fact people taking bus still reduce the number of the car .
Our group decided to open visaed Cafe .
Nowadays , so many people in the way that makes advertisers increase the sellthem , that is why our behavior is influenced by what we listen to what we see on the television .
However , I also feel good about this because this shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also use this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way a person always feels to be original and " modern " people , not " ancient " that surrounded him or her .
I need to understand what are carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins and minerals and how they are unfolded in our body to produce atp .
And none of the tourist will come and yellows-tone will not be popular and of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they look like to be happy .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country have been butcriticismdoes on the one way .
It is also possible that travelers could be rescheduled the plan and the destinations .
It is not much less frequently , though , and it still fulfills the needs that we have it today .
As a conclusion you are not eructed today by the product but , by the life-stile that this product will give to you .
Though I am from fukouka , now I live in Yokohama in order to go to Yokohama City University .
In the twenty years , they also can give us the better cars to use less resources-consumed transportation tools and give us much more convenient tool for our trip .
It is necessary to have a breakthrough event or product to succeed .
A lot of people using bycicle to go where .
Second , old houses can stands in the way of the development of communicates .
What we have to care about is that the oil is used not only for cars but also other materials .
Due to this new product is floors in a market .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship that traveled from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will be spread to the whole of Europe .
I do not agree that initiative will take more risk than those who do not .
Graham bell worked a lot and took risks for creating this Telephone apart from electrical knowledge .
For example , during the traffic jam , the transit ca n't accommodate such a large amount of people , how would the clerks .
He or she can help me in languages , introducing specific beautiful places , what the special food in that country is , and how about that country 's culture .
And new creation beerier decing transport this why they think in twenty years fewer car use .
Travelling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I was trying to do all the sightseeing without a tour guide , that would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available in the supermarket shelves and when you switch on the television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming an exciting new features about the products advertised .
In addition , it uses the North star to move directly to the North .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this trustworthier voice .
For example , the hamburgers in the commercials and menus look way more juicy , neat , and fresh than the ones you buy .
Now a days all the coming up the graduates are just making the subject almost 70 % of subject-just level .
For me there are very few friends or classmates that would better for a friend .
All the facts are mere deceptions .
We still don't know aliens to be or not to be in our solar system .
If I travel in a group by a tour guide , I will be limited .
Attendance does not mean that teenagers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will wish the young people .
In studying the processes underlying biochemical pathways knowledge of biochemistry is required which is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to new and " out of the box " way of thinking it is what made our civilizations what it 's now .
When I talked to the employment should the company not known
In this moment become business became online-business .
Traveling is very important to the people to know about the world and in group could be might as well .
It contributes to the air pollution and the temperature arise .
For instance , the birds are not usually try to remember the subjects what they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That's truth !
For example , you had to employ a supervisor to the factory , and the operating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it had a creative and innovative .
So it means there is no certain way about how migrating birds find their way to the home .
Their life is repetition of studying and learning .
However , the problem is if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money - 10 times more than the normal way .
But there are several reasons that drew me to this conclusion .
They usually forget where the book is set .
Who can say no to a business that can make your life more safe ?
For example , I prefer specializes in public relations , which is to help me in my personal life , how to deal with people .
Now let me tell you about the daily activities of my father and compare it with mine .
Although the professor in the passage explains that the solution is not acceptable because only the striped bass population is vital for menhaden , but also the entire ecological system based on it .
The fact is that it would rain when the specific condition is prepared .
That is not true .
First is how to release the drugs as fast as possible , in order to sell it quickly and to make more money faster , but government requires a certain amount of testing to be done before the drug is released , so it reduces the date of drug release .
Maybe one day there will be a tool that will take us anywhere we want only in a few seconds .
There seem to be too many hurdles in the growth of the car industry in recent times .
So it depends on the defferent body nature .
It 's a slow process , but the process they can use turkish signs and start to understand what people , trainers , researchers are saying .
If we plant species which is stronger , compared to other plants .
Because it rained , and the plants grow well , so the peepbo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movie stars or famous people in the advertisements to attract people .
The first is our life .
For example if successful people do n't try new things people could do the airplanes , cars , computers , etc .
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the separate disciplines .
The more I study , the more satisfied .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to the women to buy the watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be done in public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like to see around abroad or to have different experiences , but their purpose have something in common .
We always joke around or doing something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this .
Gone are the days when only the rich could have afforded it .
Even if we do not have one ourselves , other people use them to make our lives easier - be it a transporter carrying food to the supermarket or the car that brings us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guides lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture , because our culture has changed .
Our current status of living is highly energy intensive .
So my opinion is if a friend is staying in the world and then friend can help every thing .
Last but not least , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels can be finished and no more .
So , it is important to student
I had been struggling with the way of completing assignments , studying hard , improving a grade , and learning strategies .
Because in competition man want everything better than his competitors .
Understands ideas and concepts to help students learn information about many subjects and accept the good education from the information .
Therefore , we think ourselves that care of society is in front of it .
The basic requirements of today 's man has changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip ; if you are guided by the people who know the area .
But the only one reason is that they are never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood to be the ability to invent new ideas , to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Any fears and feels scared to take a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor cataloguing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us to improve to another stage .
But after a while the found out it 's not true .
Although people have a great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , so it is easy to gain general knowledge about everything .
But what about the stress that they have to undergo the stress related not only for position in life but that they undergo for their ambition .
In the case of vehicles like motor cycles , the number of people are limited to 2 and again there are limits to the number of people that can be accommodated in the vehicle .
And the risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternative energies , which will also be environmental-friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed camera can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip .
He is a specialist in computer program but do not know about other field .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities in lawmaking .
Because I have a broad knowledge .
People try to drink it .
If everyone in the city using their own cars , the city will be seriously polluted by the smoke .
Do n't be afraid to do some new !
It is rather than to give them strong medic-ins tel them .
Fortunately their topic becomes more clear by using this amount of the concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have a tremendous problem trying to keep their car at a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that new way will be another way to improve a mechanism .
They have limited ways to have meaning and function like a word .
You also save time and make stuff this journal .
Moreover , the decision of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are as otherwise , the company 's future , including that one of the employees might be at risk .
They are the bones and vital part of the society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have less things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural sense by good pieces of music or precises movies too .
The most important thing that you can do , is don t tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and using it in their future job .
I think that the biggest reason is devised environment compared with the past .
If older people are more acceptable to changes , their lives will get better .
There are very distant ancestors to move the treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means , just learn facts are not going to leave temporary to students .
Although , I often hurt in this time , which some questions .
My personal perception is that such behaviour is damaging to a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity , rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts helps us to know the utility or the advantages of a product that has newly formed .
The other is about the extreme lengths to conserve water .
It is important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward and not stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate in reference to celestial objects like the sun and stars .
Every house now has a computer , mobile , etc.this is the thing today 's men want to live .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
These are enjoyable tasks to make your mind set be looking forward to the various experiences .
Those problems do not exist for the online encyclopedia , which can be reached by everybody who has access to an internet connection .
Second , if park fire , animal in the park do n't survive .
I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomena reminds them , it is the time of referring to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience of that field after all theory is lame without practical .
While studying at university , people may still do not know which subjects they should specialize on .
These activities are only for future or theamusement of them .
I have a great influence on my life .
After all , we are the internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is the courage and being interested in all things .
I will describe those two main issues : to meet the modern society 's needs and to be eligible candidates for some companies .
When the Bill Gates was a young man , he attended harvard University and he was respected by others to attend in the harbor .
Because of the fast-paced society , we ca n't imagine what the world would be changed .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in the world .
Take the example of Bangalore city in India .
These surveys also demonstrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could afford if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relationship with their communities .
And as a contradiction of the professor said that deices study is not designed well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to make a product more attractive than it is in reality .
In order to maintain old buildings cost a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to growth in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable , but it 's not important for me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute to a new articles or make an editorial change .
It so happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product and this means competition .
Why there is n't one that was left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever think about this ?
Because students are young .
This is in contrast to the point in the reading that advertising does not produce any effect on american unpeople because they receive bombardment from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that anything during the next 20 years could hinder American to use his car to drive down to the post office , which is only three blocks away .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned cathartics forms without concept .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks fancy as Mercedes , too .
That 's the way it is .
That would be frequently asked questions , so to answer this question we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to cast a view , gas has become a very expensive item that will become even more expensive .
Clearly , you must show you skills and by speaking .
It is very important for the theme to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keep his investment within the confines of the oil business , where he is the master he went ahead with his new plan .
They complete each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with that breakthrough or innovative ideas , he will be the first to capitalize it .
Students may does not understand facts will an-tell and-er stand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
They wander in the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of tour guide would go there with my group members and me .
But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what causes another one , and why ; in this way , it is easier to learn that the first one occurred before the second one , and thus it is easier to learn dates .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
There are children who are not going to school or college and going to movies .
But , in The technology and evolution time people 's mind had arrived to a solution , they must decrease water carriers or water ships which travel between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports so The load on The ship can be decreased and less zebra mussel is transported .
It can be a good opportunity to make their own time to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet I am sure there are a number of examples of people who have achieved success that would prove the statement was wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is not completely clear and free , man can not involve himself in any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking toward the quote .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
This is an effective solution to stop an advancing fires .
This always phalangers consumers to buy a particular product in order to satisfy their needs and wants in the modern day .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many my academics , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients to bath , talked with the older people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities during special occasions like mother 's day .
You can buy a vanilla cake in a fine store and another vanilla cake in a regular store .
Some guid is not sure about information pattaya .
They share their views and ideas within a group .
Hope is the main key for finding a new task .
This is because the choice can appear to students as a common part .
Developing communities want to build more modern buildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the damage decremented , and technology regalement .
Most important , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats and species without natural predators are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that the energy problem , the people 's lives still will be changed .
For example , when I was in school Geography book present " plot " as the planet , but the recent studies posted that " plot " is not a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that does not mean that I do not respect and admire the others ..
For example , in south Korea , teachers teach and students learn what teachers saying without dis-sussing with students during class .
They do not need to know about what facts about that cake .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas
To have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , we can pick up more interesting fields about the subject and it 's too easy to understand .
And I am completely disagree with what the authors want to say .
I support my feel that it can be part of life .
But on the other hand , we have a risk to poison this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it , if you are 50 or 60 years old you always think your health .
I always advise people to smile and have fun in this wonderful life god gave us .
Everybody knows each other .
Another reason to join a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be less and less bought by people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have talent to other things .
The people attending this lecture will be those that are specialists in the topic .
To maintain the products more valuable they have sometimes use strategies to keep the clientele with the same enthusiasm .
The second argument also seems to be a bit out of context as the new technologies may cut down on the number of cars used .
But it depends on what level we gain this knowledge .
As the profession said , pressure in water is another reason to have an explosion .
For example , banks have many specialized departments .
Everybody would in the end benefit from their experience : people in general and people who want to learn from them .
Boys and girls easy blivet them .
In this time , my opinion is young people enjoy life than older people .
More information about how can we get it is the important things .
This is merely an opinion based on present , albeit established facts .
They do n't have to read specific books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it , it means that your intelligence is high but a doctor has to be good at sluing and helping people .
However , if the student will put concepts and his / her ore someone else ideas or concepts , which can only be mistakes will make the myprofessor think if the student actually did what was asked from the assignment .
We can only hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollute less .
When I 'm watching tv , reading ...
After he graduated from university , thanks to his skills of software , he got a job and he becomes the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
It would increase in price after age and its owner would have an overpriced and he would be a successful man .
But the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some results from research conducted by oil is not taken around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it , had the risk about spending too much money as they choose the first and only tariff , which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
The old system is a fair system because it treats teachers teaching on education , teaching skills and fin-all and the most important thing is teaching experience .
At the time of emergency he / she could be of great help if he / she is aware of the child health problems and their cure .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both would survive but the chance of victory is not ensured .
It is dangerous for the plants and corps and itgets rivers too acidic for living fish and other animals .
It is strongly related to our daily lives .
With this population outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
It was said in the passage that humans are anthems and maintain the internal body temperature up to 37 degrees , the same with dinosaurs that they maintain body temperature up to 37 degrees or more than this .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say " the luck follows the ones that are " brave " and to destroy your everyday routine you must be brave enough , but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two crucial facts : no particles from asteroid explosion , area of the australoid and maturity of explosion .
Young people are more easily adapt to new technologies than old people .
It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
For success is usually connected with some achievement .
If the explorers did n't take risk we would discover new content .
The second point is about the evidence , according the the passage the evidence that associates the sphinx with a King know Old Kingdom , and separates the sphinx as honoring by gunfire , but the lecture says that these evidence are not strong to accept the point , it is not a strong either to accept the Old Kingdom King , jeffrey and his stone plaque between the sphinx front paws carry and separates the by gunfire .
First of all , you will know a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were only accessible for politicians or privileged party members .
They say that they have some reasons .
They are very young and they do not have a job so they can not finish their studies .
However , people who are not joined the event , seems like a winner because they forgot the event early .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of aplacebo -induced improvemed take place just at a psychological level .
Second , he says the strong property rights developed from factorize system and not vice versa .
Bus , Subway , even planethere are means of travel , which can be used in a lot of areas .
For example in a science subject it is necessary that students understand the way if they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people roaching advertise .
But at that time , people who had knowledge on various fields , were able to find jobs in the surviving field .
There is nothing has been declined of literature .
They do not have to go to work everyday instead they may go to see a football game in a different city .
Also , it is more comfortable to moving .
And you can not imagine any government giving up so many workplaces for unemployment .
Coming to atmosphere and nature both are the same .
I hope I can go to travel somewhere that I can take pictures as much as I want it .
For example , if my friends talking about their problem about computer issues , I will give them advice about how to solve the people or just to listen to and understand them will also help to be comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessman travel all over the world every day !
The knowledge we will increase our ability to compete in the future .
There are a lot of car company and every year they made at least a 6 or 7 or 8 or more new car .
If any problem occurs in older age it is a very difficult one to them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother townee compared to me is the best way to learn a new culture and language , however there are any chance to meet them .
This fast pace economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capital income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life it is all about the money and what you earn , but that is not only a success .
In CASES LIKE that BMW are USING ADVERTISEMENTS to SHOW HOW REALLY is the product to the people .
When Google was founded other Internet search machines already existed .
I want a broad knowledge of many academic .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector which would implicit a declination of the amount of cars .
He knows many countries around the world .
Because getting old is not just age .
It 's not really good .
Maybe when the economy is bad , people can find new jobs quickly , but it may not be the best job they can do .
The important thing about this case is that each country has to use official solution for their problems .
For example a beseecher that wants to be successful must take risks .
The leg of a modern anthems are underneaths it 's body .
So if they do n't update themselves with the recent study what they gonna teach their students .
Second , the high cost of drug testing finally lead the cost of the unit drug costs being higher than producing it .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the ancient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of the knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride also some disadvantages .
For these reasons , I disagree that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing ill-ed fish harvested in farms could dangerous wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents tough us how to speak , we grow up , they sent us to the school to learn how to write , sometimes you have to learn the vocabulary from the writing , then you can use more words in your .
Do you give it to another person to solve ?
Everybody knows sport can improve our body , but we need to try by ourselves than we will all know , yes , sports can help us to get a healthy body .
Thus , we can easily remember this formula without spent extra energy and time , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think that what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of the top-product like best seller , brand , luxuries and briefly think about their own safety .
First he shows that in some cases aplacebo made the patient believe he was going to get cured , which made him create more killing cells , which cured him .
You will be like in one or two or three academic , you get it because everything you know you can be used together to make something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge in limited .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed might be caused fire spreading , so it is hard to coordinate .
Now they can afford the lawsuit case against music industries who sued them about 100million dollars for creating p2p software to hack their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not correct to say that the world is losing some great support system to which young people can contribute greatly .
Because we need food .
When there is a need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be mature enough to take wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be for the entire area .
Early signs can already be seen .
This is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we were born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part give us-information Vulcan , which was found on Mars and there was also found bacteria but no one can indicate what kind of bacteria was ta-ha .
In Korea , we are using day-off system of using private vehicles .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wishes and leaves the car to his closest bus station .
I can imagine both statements of views , as far as I am concerned , I consider that cars will not be more and more in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for them who late entering the class .
Accordingly , most of the students have learned many subjects in their school .
But there is still a lot of people did not successful yet .
Second , he can not accept that results of lie detectors use as evidence in court .
They are moved by solar energy .
It is true .
And I 'm going to another country .
Imagine , we could have trees in our garden that produce cherries and apples .
I dated in university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska demands atmosphere .
A lesson is another thing you gained from the experience .
The youth today are aware of their responsibilities as a citizen .
But I disagree this opinion because the advertisements often do n't speak only about the functions of the product but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend on it .
It gives him many opportunities in life , and I think that knowledge is a wonderful thing to have so we can spend our lives in a very successful way and full of happiness .
In other words , the image in the tv commercial is the most important point that the watcher determine whether he / she but it or not .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them .
